.DS_Store
OfficeCoinSprite.png
definitions.rpy
definitions.rpyc
errors.txt
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
log.txt
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
traceback.txt
music/.DS_Store
music/Vivacity.mp3
music/ambience_elevator.mp3
music/hallway_ambience.mp3
music/main.mp3
music/theme_day1.mp3
music/vendingMachineTheme.mp3
soundClips/.DS_Store
soundClips/backrooms_audio.ogg
soundClips/doorJiggle.mp3
soundClips/elevator_buttonClick.mp3
soundClips/elevator_moving.mp3
soundClips/elevator_moving.ogg
soundClips/pause_5s.ogg
soundClips/sprayBottle.mp3
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_1.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_10.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_11.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_12.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_2.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_3.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_4.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_5.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_6.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_7.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_8.wav
soundClips/bonzi/bonzi_9.wav
cache/bytecode-39.rpyb
cache/py3analysis.rpyb
cache/pyanalysis.rpyb
cache/screens.rpyb
cache/shaders.txt
images/.DS_Store
images/Day_1_theme.mp3
images/OfficeCoinSprite.png
images/Vallory Neutral.png
images/aiden neutral.png
images/aiden_cover 1.png
images/aiden_cover 2.png
images/aiden_cover 3.png
images/aiden_newold.png
images/aiden_theme.mp3
images/bathroom.png
images/bg backrooms.jpg
images/bg boardroom.jpg
images/bg garage.png
images/bg lobby.jpg
images/bonzi neutral.png
images/bonzi worried.png
images/deadRatSprite.png
images/desk.jpeg
images/desk.png
images/e1.ogg
images/elevator.png
images/elevator_ambience.mp3
images/employeeID.png
images/font2.ttf
images/gdo.mp3
images/gdo.png
images/gdo1.mp3
images/gissuppe.png
images/giuseppe neutral.png
images/hallway.png
images/hand deadRat.png
images/hand deadRat.xcf
images/hand_deadRat.png
images/hookerBear default.png
images/irish1.mp3
images/irish2.mp3
images/jack neutral.png
images/jack pointing.png
images/jackOffice.jpg
images/janitor_closet.png
images/lobby.jpg
images/lounge.jpg
images/mcrwv.png
images/microwave_beep.ogg
images/never_ending_hallway.jpg
images/office.jpg
images/office.png
images/rat neutral.png
images/screams_of_the_damned.mp3
images/sheryl desk.png
images/sheryl noDesk.png
images/sprayBottle.png
images/warehouse.png
images/zapsplat_household_microwave_button_press_beep_002_37468.mp3
images/sound_effects/.DS_Store
images/sound_effects/fire_cracker.mp3
images/sound_effects/sprayBottle.mp3
saves/1-1-LT1.save
saves/1-2-LT1.save
saves/1-3-LT1.save
saves/1-4-LT1.save
saves/1-5-LT1.save
saves/1-6-LT1.save
saves/2-1-LT1.save
saves/2-2-LT1.save
saves/_reload-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-1-LT1.save
saves/auto-10-LT1.save
saves/auto-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-3-LT1.save
saves/auto-4-LT1.save
saves/auto-5-LT1.save
saves/auto-6-LT1.save
saves/auto-7-LT1.save
saves/auto-8-LT1 2.save
saves/auto-8-LT1.save
saves/auto-9-LT1 2.save
saves/auto-9-LT1 3.save
saves/auto-9-LT1 4.save
saves/auto-9-LT1 5.save
saves/auto-9-LT1 6.save
saves/auto-9-LT1 7.save
saves/auto-9-LT1 8.save
saves/auto-9-LT1.save
saves/navigation.json
saves/persistent
saves/quick-1-LT1.save
saves/quick-10-LT1.save
saves/quick-2-LT1.save
saves/quick-3-LT1.save
saves/quick-4-LT1.save
saves/quick-5-LT1.save
saves/quick-6-LT1.save
saves/quick-7-LT1.save
saves/quick-8-LT1.save
saves/quick-9-LT1.save
scripts/.DS_Store
scripts/nav_menu.rpy
scripts/nav_menu.rpyc
scripts/script.rpy
scripts/script.rpyc
scripts/tour.rpy
scripts/tour.rpyc
scripts/quests/.DS_Store
scripts/quests/Aiden/aidenQuest.rpy
scripts/quests/Aiden/aidenQuest.rpyc
scripts/quests/Sheryl/sherylEvents.rpy
scripts/quests/Sheryl/sherylEvents.rpyc
scripts/quests/Sheryl/sherylMain.rpy
scripts/quests/Sheryl/sherylMain.rpyc
scripts/quests/Rat/ratQuest.rpy
scripts/quests/Rat/ratQuest.rpyc
scripts/quests/Rat/rat_quests.rpyc.bak
scripts/quests/Jack/jack-quest-intro.rpy
scripts/quests/Jack/jack-quest-intro.rpyc
scripts/quests/Jack/jack_quest_aiden.rpy
scripts/quests/Jack/jack_quest_aiden.rpyc
scripts/quests/Jack/jack_quest_end.rpy
scripts/quests/Jack/jack_quest_end.rpyc
scripts/menus/.DS_Store
scripts/menus/shops.rpy
scripts/menus/shops.rpyc
scripts/menus/aiden/aiden_menu.rpyc.bak
scripts/menus/aiden/aiden_shop.rpyc.bak
scripts/menus/vending_machine/vending_machine_shop.rpy
scripts/menus/vending_machine/vending_machine_shop.rpyc
scripts/rooms/.DS_Store
scripts/rooms/Elevator.rpy
scripts/rooms/Elevator.rpyc
scripts/rooms/bathroom.rpy
scripts/rooms/bathroom.rpyc
scripts/rooms/boardroom.rpy
scripts/rooms/boardroom.rpyc
scripts/rooms/jackOffice.rpy
scripts/rooms/jackOffice.rpyc
scripts/rooms/janitor_closet.rpy
scripts/rooms/janitor_closet.rpyc
scripts/rooms/management.rpy
scripts/rooms/management.rpyc
scripts/rooms/offices.rpy
scripts/rooms/offices.rpyc
scripts/rooms/parking_garage.rpy
scripts/rooms/parking_garage.rpyc
scripts/rooms/warehouse.rpy
scripts/rooms/warehouse.rpyc
scripts/rooms/hallway/hallway.rpy
scripts/rooms/hallway/hallway.rpyc
scripts/rooms/hallway/never_ending_hallway.rpy
scripts/rooms/hallway/never_ending_hallway.rpyc
scripts/rooms/lobby/lobby.rpy
scripts/rooms/lobby/lobby.rpyc
scripts/rooms/lounge/lounge.rpy
scripts/rooms/lounge/lounge.rpyc
scripts/rooms/lounge/aidenStore/aiden_store.rpy
scripts/rooms/lounge/aidenStore/aiden_store.rpyc
gui/.DS_Store
gui/bubble.png
gui/frame.png
gui/game_menu.png
gui/inventoryWindow.png
gui/main_menu.png
gui/namebox.png
gui/notify.png
gui/nvl.png
gui/skip.png
gui/textbox.png
gui/thoughtbubble.png
gui/window_icon.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png.2.bak
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png.2.bak
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png.2.bak
gui/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png.2.bak
gui/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/button/.DS_Store
gui/button/Attention.png
gui/button/check_foreground.png
gui/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/button/closebutton_hover.png
gui/button/closebutton_idle.png
gui/button/closebutton_selected_hover.png
gui/button/hover_background.png
gui/button/hover_inventoryButton.png
gui/button/idle_background.png
gui/button/idle_inventoryButton.png
gui/button/insensitive_inventoryButton.png
gui/button/inventoryBackground.png
gui/button/inventoryBackground.xcf
gui/button/inventoryBackgroundNew.xcf
gui/button/quick_hover_background.png
gui/button/quick_idle_background.png
gui/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/selected_hover_inventoryButton.png
gui/button/selected_idle_inventoryButton.png
gui/button/selected_insensitive_inventoryButton.png
gui/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/phone/.DS_Store
gui/phone/nvl.png
gui/phone/nvl.png.1.bak
gui/phone/textbox.png
gui/phone/textbox.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/check_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/check_foreground.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/check_foreground.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/check_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/check_selected_foreground.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/choice_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/choice_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/hover_background.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/hover_background.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/idle_background.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/idle_background.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/radio_foreground.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/radio_foreground.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/radio_selected_foreground.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/radio_selected_foreground.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/slot_hover_background.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/slot_hover_background.png.2.bak
gui/phone/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/slot_idle_background.png.1.bak
gui/phone/button/slot_idle_background.png.2.bak
gui/phone/bar/bottom.png
gui/phone/bar/bottom.png.1.bak
gui/phone/bar/bottom.png.2.bak
gui/phone/bar/left.png
gui/phone/bar/left.png.1.bak
gui/phone/bar/left.png.2.bak
gui/phone/bar/right.png
gui/phone/bar/right.png.1.bak
gui/phone/bar/right.png.2.bak
gui/phone/bar/top.png
gui/phone/bar/top.png.1.bak
gui/phone/bar/top.png.2.bak
gui/phone/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/phone/overlay/game_menu.png.1.bak
gui/phone/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/phone/overlay/main_menu.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png.2.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png.1.bak
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png.2.bak
gui/bar/.DS_Store
gui/bar/bottom.png
gui/bar/left.png
gui/bar/right.png
gui/bar/top.png
gui/bar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/overlay/confirm.png
gui/overlay/confirm.png.1.bak
gui/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/overlay/game_menu.png.1.bak
gui/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/overlay/main_menu.png.1.bak
gui/scrollbar/.DS_Store
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.xcf
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
fonts/name_font.ttf
fonts/tahoma.ttf
fonts/verdana.ttf
soundFonts/high_beep.ogg
soundFonts/italian_beep.ogg
soundFonts/microwave_beep.ogg
soundFonts/microwave_beep_old.mp3
soundFonts/mid_beep.ogg
soundFonts/narrator_beep.ogg
soundFonts/soundFonts.rpy
soundFonts/soundFonts.rpyc
